[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we're with Colonel Randy Cramer,
who has participated in a covert
military space program called
the Earth Defense Force.
Today we are talking about
ancient computer-like
technology.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>>RANDY CRAMER:
Thanks for having me.
>>EMERY: I heard
from another source
that there's a huge underground
network around planet Earth
that connects all these
different sacred sites
into some computer.
Is there any truth to that?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, as
near as we understand,
there are a network of what we
refer to as a living computer
system, which is not the
same thing to call it
an artificial intelligence.
Because they're alive,
they have to be grown,
they develop a person develops.
>>EMERY: They have
their own consciousness?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
Each one of these
living computers
would have its
own consciousness,
its own personality, its
own personality traits,
its own job that is determined
by some ancient criteria
when they were built
and put into place.
>>EMERY: How old do they get?
>>CRAMER: The ones that
currently we're talking about,
we presume they're all
over 100,000 years old,
somewhere between
100,000 and 150,000.
Maybe more, but somewhere
probably between 100,000,
150,000 years old.
>>EMERY: Where are
these living computers?
And is it specific
to their location
why they're at that location?
>>CRAMER: There's
probably a relationship,
why they were placed
in those locations
or that the center of these
ancient sites and locations
are maybe what they are also
because that living computer was
put there.
So a chicken-and-egg question.
Like, was the computer put there
and the site built around it,
or was the site
built first and then
the living computer placed
underneath or at the center
of it?
That's a vague question.
But we're talking about
places like Antarctica, Giza
in Egypt, India, China.
And then one here in
the American Southwest,
which I cannot tell you
exactly where it is,
even though I've been there.
>>EMERY: Are these living
computers in the Earth's crust
or does it expand into the
atmosphere and the oceans?
Where are they?
>>CRAMER: Most of them are
fairly deep underground
is where they're centered.
Their range of
influence or control
probably extends
quite beyond that
and into the sites, structures,
architecture, archaeology
that surrounds them
of those areas.
>>EMERY: What other sites,
let's say, are they under?
>>CRAMER: Well, we
speculate that at one point,
they were under just
about every site known.
What we think is
occurring presently
is that not every
living computer
that was ever in one of
these sites still functions
or is still alive.
Some of them are dead.
Some of them no longer
function properly.
So of what we consider
of living functional
ones occur in these certain
very specific areas.
But we speculate there's
probably more, and at one point,
there were even more than that.
>>EMERY: But specific
site meaning site--
can you give us some examples?
You said Giza being one of them.
>>CRAMER: Sure.
Pyramids on top is almost
a certain indication
that there is either--
were used to be
or was one of these living
computers underneath,
or that it is at least
connected to a network that
would connect to one of
these living computers.
So let's, for
instance, say we know
that China has a
bunch of pyramids
that they have camouflaged.
That they pretend that they
don't have, but they have.
We can see them from
satellites and so forth.
So we would suggest
that if there's
a living computer under one
central pyramid, that it would
be connected like in a network
to many of these other pyramid
structures that are also there.
But how many functional
living computers still exist
is a mysterious question.
We know that there are centrally
located positions where
these living computers are now.
But, again, we
speculate that there
was a larger connection of
many more of these living
computers at one point.
So many of these locations,
the living computer
is either no longer functioning
or has terminated-- its life
functions have terminated.
>>EMERY: Why do you think the
governments are camouflaging?
Because I've seen
this so many times
all over Google Earth,
including the pyramids of India,
and Serbia, and Italy, and Peru,
and even down in the islands.
Why are they blurring these out?
>>CRAMER: I-- for the same
reason that we think that
the Egyptologists aren't
showing us what's-- everything
that's underneath the plateau of
Giza because there's functioning
electrical equipment.
And if as an archaeologist,
if you were to say,
there's a functioning piece
of electrical equipment here,
you all of a sudden have
to change everything
that you've ever said about
the past, about archeology.
That's a game-changing piece of
information to say that there is
a piece of electronic equipment
that is still functioning
and has been there for
at least 10,000 years.
There's a lot of people that
would get into a lot of trouble
if they tried to
say that publicly
or tried to release
that information.
They would not be-- it
would not be well received
by a lot of folks.
>>EMERY: What are the
purposes of these living
computers, as you call them?
>>CRAMER: As near as
we can understand,
their main function is
bureaucratic management.
So that essentially
the most secure way
in which these ancient
civilizations functioned
was to have a living computer
as its central bureaucracy.
Because when you have
a living computer
as your central
bureaucracy, you don't
have a corrupt bureaucracy.
>>EMERY: You're saying this
past tense, I've noticed.
>>CRAMER: If we're talking
about these systems
here on planet Earth
as we know them now,
we would presume
that most of that
occurred a very,
very long time ago.
We would also presume
that many of them
still continue to
function in this way
and would presume that is
still their standard function,
but may not be connected with
enough of our civilization
for it to matter at the moment.
But that may be changing.
>>EMERY: Are you allowed
to share that with us?
Or just, can you share
with us, are there
any extraterrestrial current
beings in inner Earth
that are utilizing
this technology?
>>CRAMER: That is where it
gets very interesting, yes.
It's when we cross the
threshold from looking
at this as ancient
archaeological evidence to what
current extraterrestrial
or non-human intelligence
uses this technology.
And it turns out everybody
We don't know of
an advanced type I
civilization species
that does not
have a living computer at the
center of its bureaucracy.
It's just it's
incredibly common.
Most species don't
make their own.
They are made by
reputable species.
That's all they do, is they
make these incredibly large,
incredibly intelligent,
long-lived intelligent living
computers to act as the
bureaucratic central computing
system for entire
civilized worlds.
>>EMERY: Are only
certain civilized worlds
here on this planet and in the
universe capable of extracting
the energy you speak
of, these things,
is it like the Tesla charging
station of the universe?
>>CRAMER: That's
a good question.
The answer is, might be, maybe.
I think what we are finding
is the fascinating aspect
of this part of it
is that you have
these offworld extraterrestrial
living computers that
are much younger by age
standards than the ones
that we're talking about
here on planet Earth.
But the really fascinating
part of this story
is when they started
talking to each other.
So recently, it
became very clear
through literal
bells and whistles
going off in these
computer system
operating centers that
they're communicating.
And we think that because
the purpose of say,
an offworld sentient
intelligent living computer
is to act as a
bureaucratic functionary,
that the only reason that
they are communicating right
now with these living
computers on our own world
is because they're trying
to update their operating
systems based on a, let's
call it a future need.
>>EMERY: How do they know
they're communicating,
and what are they communicating?
>>CRAMER: One of the
things that we have,
what we call the strongest
indicator that they
are communicating is
the signaling that
seems to be coming from these
panels, which is identical.
So we're seeing a coding
system of mathematics, colors,
sounds that are repeating,
that are identical.
That are the same
communication messages
showing up on one
column dashboard,
showing up on another.
And then what appear to be
the sending and receiving
of these flashes of
sound and information
that are going from
one to the other that
also seem to be coming from
an offworld source as well.
>>EMERY: Is this a linear
connection, like a cell tower,
or is this a
nonlinear connection?
How could you explain that?
>>CRAMER: That's a tough one
because most of the people that
are able to discern
what is happening here
are our psionic specialists,
because this appears
to be more of a form of
telepathic communication
between these living
computers than it is a radio
communication.
So these living computers
seem to be communicating
through an evolved,
sophisticated form of, let's
call it, technological
telepathy, which is not
the same as of communicating
with a radio or microwave,
if that makes any sense.
>>EMERY: So if they're
are psionic and alive,
are they also a machine?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, they're
definitely both.
They have an organic
component and they
have a mechanical component.
>>EMERY: And why do you
think all of a sudden
the psionic agents
are picking this up.
I mean, it just all
of a sudden they're
communicating with other
offworld organic computers--
living computers, sorry.
>>CRAMER: Again,
our best speculation
is that it appears that the
offworld living computers are
communicating with our
ground living computers
to assess their functionality
and update their operating
systems because it is presumed
that they will be functioning
again in a way in
which it matters to us.
>>EMERY: Who is monitoring
all this going on?
I mean, how do we know
that they're activated?
I mean, you did mention
a psionic agent,
that agents that are involved.
Is there more to that?
>>CRAMER: There is a global
archaeological society
which is covert
military space program
personnel from around the
world who agree and cooperate
that if a site is discovered
that is of a certain age,
that it qualifies as
an archaeological site.
And if it qualifies as
an archaeological site,
it's not supposed
to just be handled
by contemporary military
intelligence personnel.
It is supposed to follow a
whole set of rules of which you
are supposed to conduct yourself
when investigating, studying,
unearthing, digging, processing
this information, which
becomes way more to the kin of
archeology than modern research.
Well, for instance,
archaeologists
use brushes to brush
little bits of dirt
away because they don't want to
disturb or harm something that
could be destroyed, and
historical information
would therefore be lost.
An interesting
comparison while we're
talking about it,
since we're also
talking about ancient
living computers, the Black
Knight, the
satellite, we presume
that is also a very old living
computer in a satellite form.
We've been trying to get
someone to fix it for decades.
And this archaeological group
will not let anyone touch it.
They won't let anyone
bring it on board.
They won't let them touch it.
They won't let them repair it.
They won't let them do
anything with it because it
violates these archaeological--
>>EMERY: Treaties or something?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, there are rules
that they have to abide by.
>>EMERY: What is the
name of this organization
that you speak of?
This archaeological
organization.
>>CRAMER: I mean, I don't
know that I've ever heard
their actual acronym,
only referred--
>>EMERY: They seem
pretty powerful.
>>CRAMER: Very, very.
As far as their ability to
say, no, you can't do that
and you can't touch that, and
everyone has to respect that.
The dig in Antarctica
was very similar.
My understanding is when they
started digging up in the dig
in Antarctica, that the new
[NON-ENGLISH] wanted to burn
everything that they
thought was suspicious.
And this group came
in and said, no, this
is an archaeological site.
This is an ancient
archaeological site.
You can't burn this equipment.
You can't burn this
biological material.
It now has to be
preserved, studied.
It falls under this category
now of ancient archeology.
And, no, you can't destroy it.
>>EMERY: Is there a hierarchy
on this living computers?
Is one stronger than the other?
And if so, why?
>>CRAMER: The answer to
that is probably yes.
And it would probably have
something to do with, I mean,
survival of the fittest.
>>EMERY: If this one's a
million years old and this
one's only a hundred
thousand years old,
does this one tell
this one what to do?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, it
has something to do
with survival of the fittest.
Again, we think that there
were many more of these living
computers that were at
one time in operation
than there are currently.
But most of them have
ceased to function or have
terminated their function, or
in the worst case scenarios,
seem to have gone insane, which
is very sad and very tragic
actually.
So in a very Darwinian
way, depending
on how many tens of thousands,
hundreds of thousands
of years old one
of these systems is
and how much of its own
sanity that it is maintained
over that period of time,
how healthy it is over time,
would presume where it might
be on that hierarchical ladder.
If it's old enough, strong
enough, smart enough, and it's
older, stronger,
smarter than whoever
is on the next bottom
rank, then that's going
to be the smartest, most
powerful of the group.
>>EMERY: Looking at
Mother Earth, Gaia,
Earth as a sentient
being, how do these--
are these maybe offspring
from the planet Earth?
Could you explain that?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
In terms of the planet
being conscious and alive,
these living computers
would be seen
as having been seeded in the
soil on the belly of the Earth,
and therefore are
children of Gaia.
Yeah, they would be
considered her children.
And therefore, our relatives
and our family members
because they're cousins.
>>EMERY: We're all genetically
part of this whole thing.
So are they made from the
same creator, all of them?
>>CRAMER: We don't think so.
I mean, most of these offworld
machines are made by a handful.
And when I say a handful, I
mean, there's only a few hundred
that I'm aware of in
the entire galaxy, which
is a tiny, tiny number
if you're talking
only a few hundred species that
build, manufacture, and develop
these tools.
So there's not
that many of them.
But when we go back in
time to our own world,
these were all seeded at
different points of civilization
and ancient civilization.
So you have Lemuria age
computers, Atlantis age,
Greco-Roman period
age, Egyptian age.
You have them at
different times when
they would have been placed
there by not the same personnel,
not by the same species,
not by the same group.
So we can't say that they are
all made by the same person
or by the same species.
We can presume that their
purpose was incredibly similar
because their purpose
is similar wherever
they are in the universe
as we understand them.
But how exactly they were, how
the original seed was made,
which is a liquid
crystal, and how
that would be placed
and made and formed
would not necessarily
be by the same species.
But it would have--
it would be based
on a common type of blueprint.
Even if they were
distinctively different,
it would be based on a
similar type of technology--
like circuit boards
are different,
but a circuit board is
also still a circuit board.
It's a similar
type of technology.
It's a similar blueprint to make
two different circuit boards
even though they
might have completely
different functional
purposes and not
even be able to communicate
in the same way.
>>EMERY: When you
bring in this concept,
you keep saying seating,
you keep saying, basically
circuit boards, hard drives.
And that's all a crystalline
structure can be in one crystal.
Do you believe that
some of these computers
are actually crystals that had
originated from other races
from other planets?
>>CRAMER: From
what we understand,
that's definitely true.
Yeah, we don't think that any
of them were made by Terrans.
We think that they were all
made by some extraterrestrial--
>>EMERY: Fascinating.
>>CRAMER: --who had
come down and whatever
civilization they had started
to help create and help us with
or use us as slave labor,
depending on the civilization,
they would have been
made and probably seeded
in place there by offworlders.
>>EMERY: So we're going way back
in history now with Lemuria,
with the Atlanteans, with
Mu, all these things.
>>CRAMER: We think that some of
these could be at least 100,000
to 150,000 years old.
>>EMERY: Is there a specific
group of extraterrestrials
or humans that are, let's say,
in charge of these computers
or take just take care of them?
They're the ones that
have been designated
to be gifted for this mission.
>>CRAMER: That's another
thing-- that's a great question.
What we presume from
the data that we've seen
is that at some point, all
of these living computers
were abandoned and left to their
own devices, which is, again,
why we think so many of them
have either perished, stopped
functioning, or lost their minds
because they were abandoned
and left here for thousands,
tens of thousands, again, maybe
even hundreds of
thousands of years
without maintenance or
anybody taking care of them.
>>EMERY: Which might not
be really time relevant
for other extraterrestrial
civilizations in the universe.
>>CRAMER: Or, I mean,
if you go to a planet
and you start a colony there
and you set up a computer system
there, do you take it with you?
Do you leave it there?
Do you necessarily come
back and check on it later?
Not necessarily.
>>EMERY: How are the
Earth-based living computers
different than offworld
living computers?
>>CRAMER: What I've
seen of the design specs
of the more modern
offworld computers
is the quite large biological
brains that they have.
Quite large biological
brains that are not the same
as just a liquid
crystal computer brain.
We're talking about
a biological brain
that has brain cells in it.
>>EMERY: Should we be
concerned about this then?
>>CRAMER: No, I don't think so.
From what I understand,
again, they're
developed and grown over time.
So one of these
computers wouldn't even
be sent into service until it
was several thousand years old.
So it will have been put through
many, many paces and tests
of its own abilities
and proficiency
and its ability to not go
crazy for thousands of years
before it would
even be permitted
to be given to someone else.
>>EMERY: Are we aware
of this brain computer--
an agenda since it's a living--
we don't want to end up like in
Starship Troopers with the brain
bug.
>>CRAMER: Again, because
they're grown and developed,
they're taught,
trained, purposed
to be these bureaucratic
functionaries.
So their personalities
tend to be--
I mean, that's just what--
>>EMERY: Is there one
species that trains them,
or is it a multi-species event?
>>CRAMER: My understanding
there's, again,
maybe a few hundred
species across the galaxy
that has the ability and
the technology to do this.
And they manufacture,
build, train
these living computers for
everybody else in the galaxy.
>>EMERY: Well, you're
a psionic specialist.
Do you have any idea what
they are communicating about?
>>CRAMER: Well, the
one that I mentioned
that is somewhere in
a mysterious location
not to be defined in the
southwest of the United States
of America, I have been to.
I have communicated with it.
I have spent, not
even a matter of--
I mean, we're talking about
days that I spent on this.
>>EMERY: That's a
lot of information.
>>CRAMER: I spent as
long as I was capable,
that my brain was capable
of doing this to communicate
and get that information.
>>EMERY: What did it tell you?
>>CRAMER: A lot.
[LAUGHS] What I would
suggest is that,
that system has been sending
information for quite some time,
doesn't receive information
nearly as often,
but that changed recently.
Again, when all of
these systems started
communicating with
each other, they're
receiving a lot of
offworld information.
Again, we think this
is an operating system.
>>EMERY: Is there
any messages you
could share with us that the
living computer has told you?
>>CRAMER: That I could share.
>>EMERY: That's not going to--
>>CRAMER: Well, I mean,
classified information
is classified information
until I'm cleared for it not
to be classified information.
But what I would be willing
to say about that is they
would still see their
job as managerial.
And to conduct themselves
and do the jobs
that they were
programmed and meant
to do even in a
modern civilization
and a modern civilized
context, that
may be very, very
different from the context
that they were originally
purposed to do.
>>EMERY: Do they have
their own opinions?
And how do they feel
about the current world
situation of the
humans on the surface
of the Earth, what we're doing?
>>CRAMER: I think
they would like
to see civilization function.
I think that's their
main purpose is
to help civilization function.
And so I think that they,
again, in this communication,
I would say was fairly
clear that they're
looking at the surface
world as not working
very well, as being broken.
And that if they were to be
able to be fully fulfilled
in their duty and
their job, that they
would be assisting the surface
civilization to function.
>>EMERY: In what ways?
What capabilities do
they have to help us?
>>CRAMER: A massive
library of information.
So their ability to teach,
train personnel to do jobs,
to create education
centers, to teach people
how to build better
infrastructure, better water
infrastructure, better power
infrastructure, better food
infrastructure.
So that all of the main
purposes and functions
that a civilization needs to
have, they're really good at.
They're really good at managing
all of that information
and all of that data
so that the society
would function more fluidly.
I'll give you a for instance.
If, for instance, you
communicated with this living
computer and said,
hey, we would love it
if you helped us sort
out our agriculture.
Then that computer
would be, all right,
I'm going to look at
every plot of land
that you have on the planet
that's growing food everywhere
and then compute
how much of that
you need in different
locations and whether you're
over growing or under
growing different materials.
Are you over growing rice?
Are you making more pounds
of rice than you need,
but not enough squash
or strawberries?
It would be able to
manage all of that
and then determine what
needed to be grown,
not grown in order for the
most ideal amount of food
to be produced for
the entire planet.
>>EMERY: Do these
computers have the ability
to download billions of
people this information
instantaneously?
>>CRAMER: Very quickly.
I mean, at a rate
of speed that we
would perceive as
near instantaneous,
but I wouldn't say is probably
exactly instantaneous.
>>EMERY: Would we be
able to handle that?
Or would it be different
per person because
of their crystalline structure?
>>CRAMER: My personal
experience was that, initially,
the amount of information
that was coming through
was more than my brain
could process at once.
And so I had to say, that's
too much information,
I can't process that.
And then felt like the
amount of information
was lowered to accommodate the
amount of information my brain
could accept per minute.
>>EMERY: Is this computer
you utilize on ley lines?
I've heard that a lot
of these computers
are on sacred sites
or special ley lines.
Does that have
anything to do with it?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, I would say
that that's almost always true.
Yeah, almost always true.
>>EMERY: If our viewers
are watching this right now
or someone, would they be able
to communicate with these sites
right now?
>>CRAMER: Maybe.
It really is going to depend
on how telepathic a person's
ability is to be.
>>EMERY: Of course.
And, is it safe?
>>CRAMER: Well,
that's really going
to depend on whether the living
computer you're talking to
is completely functional
and completely sane
or if it's one of
the broken ones.
If it's one of the
broken ones, it
could go very-- it
could just get weird.
>>EMERY: Are they named, all
these different computers?
Do you have names for them?
>>CRAMER: They have their
own names, but they're--
>>EMERY: What's
the one that you--
>>CRAMER: I wouldn't
be able to repeat it.
But to be honest, it just
sounds a little weird.
To our language, it
would just sound odd.
>>EMERY: So, how does
this impact all of us
here on the planet,
these living computers?
>>CRAMER: Well, if what we
think is happening is true,
and their operating systems
are being updated and upgraded,
and that they're being
positioned to be reactivated,
that could mean that they're
incredibly important to us
and could impact
us in a huge way.
>>EMERY: Could we
unknowingly and they--
or, they knowingly,
we unknowingly
receive upgrades from them?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, it can
happen that way, certainly.
They seem to be reaching
out most of the time.
Going, hey, anybody listening?
Hey, anybody listening?
And most of the
time, people aren't.
But they seem to be
attempting to communicate
as much as possible
because they have as much
of a need as any living
being to communicate.
And so I think
they feel isolated
for a very, very long time.
And they would feel a lot--
because they have feelings,
they would feel a lot better
if they were more social.
If they were able to be more
social with human beings
and communicate more and we're
getting two-way communication
between themselves and Terrans.
>>EMERY: So if
this technology has
been used by these advanced
species for millennia now,
do you see this being
reasonably to assume
that it's part of our
future, that we're
going to be doing this too?
>>CRAMER: If I am to understand
any of the technology that
is used in an
intergalactic sense,
it is an inevitability
that this is
a technology and a
way of our existing
and living that will
be a part of our future
because it's a part
of everybody's future.
>>EMERY: It sounds great.
Is there anything negative
or bad about this?
>>CRAMER: I realized because we
have so much Frankenstein-isms
in our own storytelling,
that we always
presume that a technology is
just going to wait before it can
turn sinister and turn evil.
But there is an incredibly safe
track record for this technology
to not do that and
to not be harmful
and to not try to overtake
a planetary civilization
for its own purposes.
That just doesn't happen.
>>EMERY: Now, you mentioned
there being activated right now.
And why do you think that is?
>>CRAMER: I think in
the most simplistic way
to answer that, it is the
biggest indicator that something
is about to happen, if
I put it so vaguely.
We don't think that this would
be occurring if it were not
an indication of
events that will
be occurring in our very near
future which that will impact.
Otherwise, why would
it be happening?
Why would it be
occurring now at all?
It seems to be indicative that
it's happening because more
is going to happen.
And we can only speculate what
we think that may or may not be,
but I'll just say this.
If all of these computer systems
get an upgraded operating system
and are updated to the
intergalactic standard,
then that would make
it incredibly easy
for them to act as an
intermediary function
until we get our own
new upgraded system.
>>EMERY: Now, does this computer
protect humans on the planet,
or does it just protect
the planet Earth itself?
Like if there was a,
let's say, for example,
a pole shift coming, would
they protect us from that?
>>CRAMER: It's definitely
part of their main function
to protect the people,
the animal life, the plant
life, and the very structure
of the planet itself,
and to keep it stable
and functioning.
So it's not just a
computer that says,
I'm going to protect the
Earth, but forget you humans,
you're screwed.
No, we're included in that
holistic view of all things
with which to help
manage and protect.
>>EMERY: What
these computers may
be involved with being included
in this mass visitation,
possibly of extraterrestrials
in the galactic federation?
Are they part of this?
>>CRAMER: That's a
very good question.
And it's not something that we
could say with 100% certainty,
but all of the
indicators are, yes.
So we think that is true.
We think that that's
what's likely to happen.
We think that's
what's occurring.
All of the best
information indicates that.
But we can't say 100%
certainty that is true,
but all of the indicators
do point to yes.
>>EMERY: Are they
prepping something here
on Earth for that visitation?
And if so, what would that be?
>>CRAMER: That is also
part of our speculation,
is that it is in
preparation for very likely
to be timed with a disclosure
event of some kind.
So we think it's
part of the equation.
We think it's part
of the puzzle.
And we would
presume from what we
know that it's supposed to
only be a good thing and not
a bad thing.
But, again, that's
the speculation
that we presume
based on the data,
but not that we can say
with 100% certainty.
But, yeah, all indications
point to yes on that.
>>EMERY: Randy, that
was great information.
I really appreciate
you being on the show.
>>CRAMER: Thank you.
It's a fun one.
It's a fun topic.
Thanks for having me.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]